here we go
hello
and welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft
the series where I teach English while
trying to beat Minecraft
and in this video I'm going to build a
rail that goes all the way to the bottom
of my
mine down there
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up in my last video I
explored an abandoned mine shaft
where I found lots of rails
but these are just normal rails and I'm
going to need powered rails in order to
go uphill
so right now I'm going to build some
powered rails with
gold
sticks
uh Redstone Redstone
and
I think that that is everything
uh but first I'm going to need to smelt
this raggled into gold ingots
oh also in the last episode I found lots
of iron that I smelted in these furnaces
let's see how much xp that I will get
from all of that iron
64.
okay now I'm up to 22.
36.
[Music]
okay still at 22. and now I'm going to
smelt this gold
another thing that I'm going to need is
redstone torches and you can build
redstone torches using Redstone and
sticks like this
so Redstone and sticks make redstone
torches
I built
23 Redstone torches
um
[Music]
how do you build
powered rails
[Music]
oh here they are
ah okay
so I don't need Redstone torches I just
need Redstone Dust to build the powered
rails and I'm also going to need a lot
of gold wow
right now I can only build one set of
six powered rails with 10 gold
Okay so
with 14 gold ingots I can build 12
powered rails
let's see I'm going to get some Redstone
Dust right here okay
so with one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve with
12 gold ingots
two sticks and one two Redstone I can
build
12 powered rails which I hope will be
enough
and I will power
the rails using Redstone torches
okay
so now I have everything that I will
need to build the rail
okay let's start right here
I'm going to place some rails
okay
this is where I will place mine carts
I think I'm going to place six normal
rails
and then two
powered rails
so one two three four five six
one two
and
power aha do you see these powered rails
glowing red
these are powered rails and now
they're unpowered
powered
unpowered
we want it to be powered
okay
one two three four five six
one two
power
one two three four five six one two
power one two three four five six one
two
one two
power
yeah I'm definitely going to need more
powered rails
I'm already almost out
one two three four five six
one two power and I'm out of powered
rails
one two three four five six so I'm going
to need to find more gold
peace
eat I'm going to build a mine cart
using iron ingots one two three four
five five five iron ingots makes a
minecart
there we go
okay right now I'm going to the bottom
of my mind to search for more gold but
to get down there I'm going to test out
my rail so far
mine cart
let's get in the mine cart like this
and let's go
here we go
oh
okay cool
okay there we go
mine cart
all right let's go find some gold down
down down
redstone
gold
okay let's continue
and this is the bottom of my mine
I don't think that I've shown you this
before
I built a chest right here
to place materials a crafting table
three furnaces
this is the main tunnel and to the sides
to the left side and to the right side
there are offshoots
so I have an offshoot here an offshoot
here
this is where I found most of my
diamonds I think I might be too deep to
find lots of gold
so I'm going to go up a little bit
also my diamond pickaxe is almost broken
oh maybe right here
torch let's look for gold here
[Music]
gold
here's some gold
more gold
fantastic
oh and it stops right here
but there is some redstone
let's look for some gold right here
whoa
amethyst
that's amethyst over there
zombie
die die
whoa this place is huge oops sorry a
microphone
oh skeletons
oh witch
run away run away
oh
oh oh
the witch is throwing potions at me
the witch okay
watch this
all right
okay I killed the witch
die
okay
oh another skeleton
okay we're doing good
thank you armor redstone
all right and my diamond pickaxe finally
broke
and I'm also level 24 now well my
pickaxe broke which means it's time to
go back to the surface
so up we go
I found 14 more gold down here
[Music]
it's springtime right now in the United
States so I have a lot of allergies
I'm sneezing
a lot
my eyes itch
I have bad allergies this time of the
year okay
let's smell more gold right here and now
I'm going to build another diamond
pickaxe
let's see valuables
one two three diamonds two sticks and
one two three diamonds makes the diamond
pickaxe
all right we have a new diamond pickaxe
and I'm actually going to enchant this
diamond pickaxe even though I'm not
level 30 yet so oh
[Music]
I forgot the lapis lazuli so let's put
in the pickaxe and some lapis
and let's get a level 15 enchantment
boom
efficiency 2.
cool
I don't know what efficiency 2 does but
I guess we'll see
sunset
I'm going to sleep for tonight
sleep
all right morning
let's go build some more powered rails
14 iron ingots
all right so I built
12 more powered rails
let's continue building
one two power one two three four five
six one two
power one two three four five six one
two
power
one two three four five six one two
power one two three four five six one
two
power
one two three four five six oh we're so
close to the bottom
the bottom is just right here
we're so close now to find a little bit
more gold I also hope that I can find
some coal
because I don't have any torches
besides Redstone torches which don't
emit a lot of light
see oh
zombie no
Noah zombie
you see this is a normal torch which
emits a lot of light and this is a
redstone torch which emits less light
a lot of light
little light
Redstone torches are mainly used to
power things
gold
okay we're up to 18 gold
okay that should be enough
that should be enough to finish the rail
okay
one two three four five six stick
Redstone powered rails
okay
I built
18 more powder powdered
powdered rails 18 more powered rails
okay let's finish this rail
one two
power
one two three four five six
one two
power
one two three four five six
one two three four five
I'm going to put extra powered rails
down here at the bottom to give the
minecart a boost uphill
this
okay cool
and
power
awesome
I think it's finished
now it's time to test it
so first I need to build
a button
a button to push just one Birch plank
makes a button
and let's place the button right here
now this button will power
these rails see
power oh
no
my rail doesn't have enough power to
push the mine cart uphill
[Music]
I'm going to need more powered rails
more
let's see
here
test number two
it's working
okay so these need to be three powered
rails and not just two
more powered rails
gold come on come on
okay
one two three four five six
Redstone more powered rails let's go
finish this rail one two
there we go
now the rail is complete
finally
now let's try using the minecart
here we go
what
okay
is it working
I think so it's working okay
it would probably go faster if I placed
more powered rails so I might find more
gold and build more powered rails off
camera
but for now
I'm going to end this video right here
so I finally got my rail system working
down here in my mind thank you so much
for watching if you liked this video
like And subscribe and as always I will
see you in the next video see ya
foreign
[Music]